added a note as per GH issue 580 (#716)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/quickstart/eib.adoc

Edge Image Builder (EIB) is a tool that streamlines the process of generating Customized, Ready-to-Boot (CRB) disk images for bootstrapping machines, even in fully air-gapped scenarios. EIB is used to create deployment images for use in all three of the SUSE Edge deployment footprints, as it's flexible enough to offer the smallest customizations, e.g. adding a user or setting the timezone, through offering a comprehensively configured image that sets up, for example, complex networking configurations, deploys multi-node Kubernetes clusters, deploys customer workloads, and registers to the centralized management platform via Rancher/Elemental and SUSE Multi-Linux Manager. EIB runs as in a container image, making it incredibly portable across platforms and ensuring that all of the required dependencies are self-contained, having a very minimal impact on the installed packages of the system that's being used to operate the tool.

[NOTE]
====

> In HA clusters, EIB automatically deploys MetalLB and Endpoint Copier Operator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For multi-node scenarios, EIB automatically deploys MetalLB and Endpoint Copier Operator in order for hosts provisioned using the same built image to automatically join a Kubernetes cluster.
```
